---
title: "What I'm doing"
date: 2018-11-22T20:18:18-06:00
draft: true
---
Kind of funny how things work out really. I remember starting to learn code  and trying to figure out where to start. Ok lets look around and see what all there is.  Turns out there is a lot. There are so many languages out there it would take a ton of   time to try half of them. Ok where should I start? The list of beginner friendly languages  is quite a bit smaller. The over all agreed upon language is python. Ok cool we'll start there.  It was fun and I learned a ton from it but never could quite get traction with it. How do you  build something with any language. Even though I've learned several languages now the only ones  I can really do anything tangible, something I can see results in is html and css and then only in a web browser.  Which takes other things like hugo or django or some other program that in many cases  has it's own language or new syntax from a similar language or at least the one it's built form. Seems to me there is just more and more to learn as you go. Which is what I was told from the beggining. "Get reday to learn at the speed of technology." Dang That is quite fast, maybe faster than any of us could go really. So how does anybody keep up? That is my main question really. Seems you need to find one stack within a particular language to learn, and learn it all as much as you can. Even at that new plug-ins or programs that others build to add to the sum total of the language and making it more useful at that. Seems like many languages have new plug-ins that can do most anything a lot of other languages have been doing for quite a while now. They actually just translate from one language to another really but it gives your language of choice the functioinality of a completly different language without having to learn it. All that being said, and I'm not sure if that is exactly true, which language do you learn? Even then what do you do with the language you've just learned? Wow all the choices. 
